feat(logs): Add enableAutoConsoleLogs option to opt out of console capture (#6235)
getsentry/sentry-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Features

> - Add `enableAutoConsoleLogs` option to opt out of automatic `console.*` capture while keeping `enableLogs: true` for manual `Sentry.logger.*` calls ([#6231](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/issues/6231))

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
- Add `enableAutoConsoleLogs` option to opt out of automatic `console.*` capture while keeping `enableLogs: true` for manual `Sentry.logger.*` calls ([#6231](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6235))
```
